# OOP-Finals-
Java OOP Finals in August 2021. I am required to design a workable console-level system that mimics that of a real life library system. This includes adding/deleting/editing books, adding/editing/deleting users and admins. As a result, this final pushes and truly tests the knowledge and grasp of us the students' grasp on all of the OOP concepts that we have learned within the semester. 

#Personal Afterthoughts
This exam was easy for me as I have taken a gap year to improve my programming skills before officially starting my degree. As a result, I didn't really had too much trouble finishing it within 24 hours as there were no backend and frontend code involved and its associated dilemma. If you look at my code, you might notice that it is extremely length due to the shocking requirement that the exam required, which is literally a functioning library system that has backend capability, but for the purpose of this assignment I simply used arrays to mimic backend behaviours. Speaking of backend, students were not allowed to use ArrayLists, which allows dynamic behaviour for arrays. Hence, I was forced to cleverly design a method (function) to mimic the dynamic behaviour of deleting, updating, and adding of new books, users, and admins. As a result of my hardword, I got an A- for this module, which could have been an A if I didn't accidentally overlook an existing bug within the system that crashes the system. Do note that this bug is already fixed, hence, all the code you see in this repository should be perfect and workable. 

This exam (which was 24 hours due to covid 19) was truly too much for most students, especially since this is a 1st semester offered module. Meaning, most students are literally taking this OOP module as beginners who have just been exposed to programming. As a result, I have learned and heard that many of my peers' friends and their friends actually failed this module. In addition, the lecturer herself also got "let off" (not sure if got fired or simply got redirected to another department) due to the amount of students that did not pass the module. My condolences to these unfortunate students, yall deserved better. 

As this is a final exam assessment, the documentation had been done formally on a Microsoft Word documentation. You may view the documentation [here](https://sdtaylorsedu-my.sharepoint.com/:w:/g/personal/ziwei_whoong_sd_taylors_edu_my/EZdBbt_PF3BLmOADW2QUc-8B0PJh4oY3K0HWlksyiqiwaA?e=c00gKd). 
